what stop this your boy Wyclef Jean and
ya'll watching impact theory let's get
into it I love Tom there's a man who is
just on a mission to find the best in
humanity and then make it known to the
world it was honestly one of the best
for the upper gun of my life you know
allowing me to be authentic to who I am
they show a lot of me to do that stuff
is great
you better subscribe to this show
because you're missing out it's
absolutely unbelievable it was a lot of
fun I was really impressed with the prep
work and was able to get into things
that I actually care about what people
will put in that type of work and they
know that he does that not just for me
but for everybody I totally get like
this I totally get why music he need to
exist and I almost didn't want to end
I'm Amelia bill hi I'm Peter Diamandis
everybody my name is Jessica Oh Matthews
I'm dr. Grusin gary vay-ner-chuk and
you're watching impact theory